README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Updating readme
Updating readme

fixing issues re build and deploy

Update README.md

fixing issues re build and deploy

fixing issues re build and deploy

fixing issues re build and deploy

updating readme

README.md, after:

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/99877ad8-5ddf-4d74-a074-26ebc30ac638

# Star seeker

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

Add .env file in root directory and add NEXT_PUBLIC_API_KEY.

## App features

Gate list - I moved this to its own "gates info" page rather than home page, aware this is contrary to the briefing document but thought it was better UI.

Journey cost page - Section 2 of briefing document

Gate details page - Section 3 of briefing document

Cheapest route page - Section 4 of briefing document

## Approach

I have used CSS modules for styling.

I used the fetch API for api requests.

In terms of order I completed the section 3 first, then 2 and then 4.

This made more sense to me as code between sections 2 and 4 were reusable.
